about the lenovo yoga tablet
tablet 10 h more so there we go
to talk to you about all aspects
techniques of this tablet then already
we'll start with the processor is
a qualcomm snapdragon processor
of body that is clocked at 1.6 ghz arm
I'm pretty good it turns
relatively well
everything is supported and that's a beautiful
surprise m by 2 gigabytes of ram internally
So that's it's a novelty
for lenovo which before us we
propose that only one giga there really
falls much faster in terms
internal storage we have 16 or 32 gigas
depending on your model purchased from
internal storage and then one to android
14.4 kat kit that is already installed
so I'm doing a little tour ah yes just
one more thing about the screen
so we're on a full hd resolution
dock sindali ps of 10.1 with a
full HD resolution of 1920 by 1200
pixels so it's really what
really does better for a tablet
So this format then there one of
point of view technical specs
so we're already going to do a little bit
the round of the table is always sent
this shape a little cylindrical
with the flapper that is recovering like those
this is really the big thing
specificity of this tablet
they had seen him on the model
push that's really the cool side
on the side there you see right here we have a
case a micro usb input so for
recharge the tablet
here is the power button that we can not
to miss the front we have nothing
except the famous bar to pose for
do some kind of dock with the tablet
Then I turn on the other side of the
big button here it's the jack 3 5
100 mm to connect the headphones there the
further for the volume right there the
tiny hole that we see here is the
ambient micro sensor and on the
on here nothing and as on the
previous model right there and that's
an interesting specificities
openly and impulsively to integrate a
micro sd slot that can go up there
I believe that these 32 gigas of memory on
this one so we can do it again but
like these we have the dolby surround sound
which is integrated with this tablet on the
storefront so if you see there we have a
video sensor that meanwhile I
believe if I tell you will bless you he
makes 1 3 megapixel front and back
there is none so there is just the
part of which he is here and it's a sensor
of 8 megapixels and we will see as a result
of this test that this tablet realizes
very very beautiful shots
so to continue on the specs
techniques
so there is a possibility of having a
model with the 3g we do not have this
model there but have the possibility of the
see with a 3 of the 3g + otherwise in
terms of dimensions so that's 2 161
2 2 wide by 180 mm high
for a thickness and then there my opinion
they took the small part here of 9.3
mm
so here is a little bit for them
technical specifications of this
Tablet
I told you a moment ago the microphone
sd up to 32 but it's really
up to 64 gigabytes
as much for me I planted there
on it so here is a little bit for them
info of this tablet
otherwise we will see as a result of this
head that there are a whole lot of small
features that works very very
well on this tablet is including a
advantages of this tablet is a
extra long battery that allows
to go up to 18 hours of autonomy
so it's pretty rare to find
tablets that go so far in term
autonomy
to finish there is a small overlayer
software
the new that is integrated with this
tablet that not to displease it's not
bad is called the new launcher it's
not bad at all good then cons
it's quite confusing at the beginning since
all the apps are found a little
as on the ipad
that is directly on the page
we have no place to go
search inside android the
apps to drag them so
it's a little subtlety of this
Tablet
so here it was just about everything I
just want to finish the last thing
separates the different modes that can
to have
so if I close here that's like that one
can hold it like this as an ebook
we can read without problem
in the nose we can also do it
hold on like this if we want to say it with
seen a kind of little thick here me
allows easy reading
and finally the last position that at
my sense is the most practical like those
he saw that we can see it like that
what's nice is that the the the
crutch is strong enough for the
move down to the desired position
and that's not a luxury because it's
quite painful on some tables so
this is ptet the specifications
lenovo yoga tablet techniques
tablet 10 am more
or